sweet thank you booger cool welcome
everyone to the GSI PFS weekly they have
think a bit of May 7018 Before we jump
do we have any personality would like to
volunteer to become the note-taker
we're not like you here is mostly to
take notes all the questions not the
updates because those have been written
down any volunteers here just one did
all right giggle thank you so much for
saving as we know it's cool so what's
the realm elevate and then use the time
that we have left to talk about things
questions I've staked on state of the
project etc vmx you had to go first as
we follow trialist yes so last week I
spent most time on the IP LD formats
back is so the ten was given an update
and it finally is so this was kind of
happy hour from August last year and
finally everything's in there I think
and now it's time to implement all the
stuff so as always I hope you issues for
it on this repository which is linked
there and if you want to take an issue
feel free then I did a lot of
administrative stuff and I did a bit of
crafting stuff I'm supposed to do and I
will I'm not logged in next week I will
do the crafting stuff this week and I
would also be in Lisbon from Wednesday
to Friday got it so out of time this
week
any any questions on the graphs ink is
like hysteria spec is there like I think
the people can review or no no it's just
like getting it somehow works something
okay so very in a beginning yeah
cool cool all right so yeah I see don't
you're not working anything
um sounds good like if you have a like a
issue or PR on things that you are
working about website and you want like
to leave it here so can i chicken I know
a lot of people are excited about that
and looking forward to that so they
might want to give you a feedback okay
cool any questions for Volker all right
Zane when I go ahead wait Zane's not
here
I literally have is a big I will I will
do the same thing because a quick update
so he won't have time for the next few
weeks or ever for this meeting but you
told me that you will still work on the
IP LD stuff like math we worked on
making the clothespins work and he will
continue the work and he will keep on
hosting his latest document but he can't
attend and yeah it's all right all right
cool thank you thank you for really any
questions I guess like well you're not
here so if you have any questions you
can send an email or open an issue on
Zane's work IOC cool that's right okay
yeah so last week I finished upgrading
the file exchange the UI UX mainly front
panel I think it's looking good if I
have the time I still want to to change
a thing or two but it's minor things my
lcd so I was just going to ask if there
is a pric that you point directly to the
to the right I put only the branch there
you cannot you can see the it says only
one commit that it's the front end stuff
I put there the the branch because when
I am working the next features amid said
so you're asking to try to progress if
you want okay we used to just like ever
working for
people requests we find it's good way
for people to give you quick feedback
like before like content like the
tutorial copy and so on
alright go like an open API with heads
and I output a clean whip and I'll
continue my work there and this week out
again I'll begin doing that web stuff
the pub sub and file see any future I'm
working on that
I'm trying to get my head around observe
and how the best way to implement the
file exchange I'm still studying that
all right well if you have any questions
on that we will I think I have a
direction but I don't know if it's the
right one or not
so yeah hope you can our cool yeah and I
if you open the request you can just
like ask how of your questions there and
then I can quickly answer you or even
like realize this one of I know there
are there are more people familiar with
that code any questions for the other
hey guys I so I've been around ING with
before so I left few be ours before I
left the other support with Janice it
was merged in meanwhile as well as I
know then I had also the ipfs grand
proxy will request that to was blocked
and then when I came back there was a
problem with the test so I had to create
a new PR that was for the demons that
was having problems with the new version
of multi address so I also created that
process and now the ipfs behind proxy is
ready you can
check it when you have time but it's a
blog section and the rest of the time
I've been working in the in starting my
okay are regarding the service order for
browser until now I've been working on a
fix that was a issue before that was
when we refresh the page the service
worker was not working anymore
I fixed it and also I've been trying to
catch the requests of the ipfs files
just the testing I have to decide
whether to save it or not according to
the size but I will do it afterwards
then I'm also blocked in another issue
that I proposed the solution before I
went to holiday as well if that's the HT
fine proximalization and for this week i
want to continue the serviceworker
gateway and try to finish it that to
block issues as well and that's it for
me
all right sorry I had to open a door but
I continued listening as super cool work
and I see that you are walking to issues
I need to review these like I don't have
a like I don't have any fur right now
but I output as part of liking my pal
all thanks to checking to make sure you
know when I think that you already
reviewed that was the one that I had two
great appear for the for the demon
problem and the other one I described
like a solution I don't know if it's the
best one but I couldn't find any other
one that was according to the go
implementation so I don't know if it's
the restaurant okay sounds good
and I see I did these two issues are
also on Jess ipfs API which got a lot of
work last week in terms of I getting DCI
green and like 11 people to like your
request with confidence but but yeah
like we we should be able to invoke you
this week
I'll make sure to to to check this this
year kukuku
any questions for Vasco
you
by the way like getting the ipfs in the
serviceworker means that then we can use
the things like IP fest postmessage
proxy from alan to also not only pink go
I profess being HSIP first news in a
serviceworker like basically ever wasted
like where are the places where ipfs
exists and just like check all of them
one by one and I use one of those IP
fest nodes and yes I'm already using the
awesome cool
diggin so last week we got the refactor
for switch pulled in so that should
clean up the code a bit I also put
together a proposal for handling the
underlying connections in switch as
state machines pedro looked over that so
i think we have a good starting point to
move forward with that i'm also working
on the private network
i've got the basic encryption working
for that i'm just trying to sort out an
issue with poll streams collecting
multiple nonces so i need to look at
that and figured that out but i'll be
working on not this week I will be out
Thursday and Friday so do we show with
yeah and that'll also be going over IP
FS repo since on the leaving tinder for
that getting a better idea of what
current issues are are there thank you
thank you for the update so there is an
issue with multiplex
caching multiple announces per string I
didn't quite get what what is issue
there ultimately the when the poll
streams are when the streams are coming
in and getting collected will get two
messages together and so I'll have a
nonce the encrypted message at the nonce
again and then the next message so I
just need to figure out the order of
pull stream there okay I'm still not
sure if I understand what he's a thank
you or
but I guess like I can then check in
with you and like you can point me at
that code so that I can do my reading if
you have like any questions like what me
know like a specific problem or or it is
just more like just plugging pool
strings together it's just it's my think
it's more of just getting the post in
the order of operations for the pool
streams working properly but if I get
stuck on that then I'll reach out to you
okay one of the reasons why I'm also
especially curious is that Google that
didn't get to be here today but I Google
got an issue on multiplex when like
recently he showed me a bug where like
multiplex could just like crash we
process but like stick isn't a function
and and that happened after the merger
the the refactor of with peer-to-peer
switch so it looks like something was
being asked to this multiplexer which
wasn't a function and therefore it was
trying to call it and it was not the
function therefore crashed reproduce at
the error properly so that then it can
be debugged he still checking like he
should have like you know like at least
a report of what was going on tomorrow
okay yeah good yeah but cool stuff and
awesome work with a p2p switch like yeah
I feel it's West dragon friendly now it
is understandable
any questions for Jacob
alright alright cool Dimitri go ahead
hey guys so I was out most of last week
and I came back on Thursday I would on
getting the M plex issues resolved after
run into the implementation that said I
wanted to get her on the go side with
the fixes that we discovered while no on
to limp let's I got that out of the way
and I was able to run his integration
test everything's working out but I did
want to finish to where I would get a
stock or flow that would basically blow
out because it was full change service
he came to fix another quit trampoline
or something like that so I had to look
into that a little bit and I got it
working as well so stuck does not blow
up anymore so good I also worked on
performance the last few days trying to
get the performance in the pool impacts
implementation police a fast as the
stream implementation I got that working
as well I have a very good idea of where
the rest of the improvements can come
from but I don't want to spend too much
time on that anymore I just wanted to
prove that pigmentation what sound it
was fast enough I didn't use too much
memory etcetera so I got that as well
and I will go forward to getting it true
the Liberty stack integrated with which
is working mostly there's a few tests
failing here and there but they don't
seem to be nothing weird so I'll be
looking into that in the next few days
and we'll have Olympics also did a few
minor I prefers dcpl reviews and and
fixes and that's it this week
be net reversal than getting an Olympics
drag through the rest of the blue could
be stackins hi professor song alright so
great news we dimplex it's good to see
it is rapidly developing and becoming
more performance then the counter
version of the full stream rap /
readable streams yeah like the when do
you think that will be ready for primary
I believe it's gonna take me perhaps a
week to get it to get it done like by
the end of this week I should have it
ready I have all the tests everything
implemented I just need to make sure
that I drag it through the rest of the
of the stack and all the tests
surpassing that's basically where Moe at
this point all right sounds good does it
- probably still on time for these tanks
release yeah we can make it absolutely
yeah that'd be great
all right Maggie
so I both the it's nothing this week and
I was not blocked by anything I tried to
finish up the PDP UTP fix and update the
lip will appear on when the rules module
moves new protocol changes and maybe do
something a little you know trust
depending on whether there is going to
be something that I went after you got
it
so but I take you for the presentation
on the idea so and see if everyone else
didn't see that yet like definitely
recommend checking it out while they're
recording and supported what are your
plans only pure PR UDP and so I was
thinking through maybe changing the UDP
protocols so when it receives a fin
packet it does not stop the ability to
send packets so only the incoming that
gets lost and when it sends a fin
it only closes these endings eyetality
receiving site so it has health opening
without change in respect to much but I
don't think that's necessary if he
already has a way of exchanging the
information when a connection gets close
it doesn't the the good news is that
after a conversation we Matias Matias
booze they actually brought have a very
good point which is right now we are
using the network stack to signal when
like a protocol has finished its intent
to like use of connection so for example
when bit swap sends a request I want
list it closes the connection of course
is a connection to see now I'm done here
and we instead of like using a network
stack to use that feature we could
actually list that interaction to the
protocol itself so bit swap would say oh
I've then I'm done here or did she would
say I'm done here so that we don't have
to rely on that another line feature
from the network stack which is very
common to be missing on UDP so packet
switch protocols this is actually
something that we if we decide to change
and there is an issue open only
peer-to-peer just a bit appear that's
like about UDP and then I bring this up
as an option if we decide to make this
change to list that the protocol that is
using a connection to signal when it is
over then for future packets which
transports we would be already ready so
if the thing to consider definitely
check check it out that issue I can also
post it notes like the link so that you
see that the one I'm talking about
um but yeah like just to that that's on
your radar
Mikey yeah sounds good to me
cool any questions for machi
all right so eight minutes left and I'll
chill my pick and then pass here another
plate and then we'll go into questions
so my bet is well I started working on
fixing the pops of epi like after
reviewing it last week
it made a lot of sense to me why we have
so many race collisions on just a
particular city I guess which what
didn't make this maze like why did we
have the API doing synchronous
synchronous things we typically like I
guess like we know pretty much like when
I think needs to be asynchronous so like
it's still like I'm still trying to
divide my brain and my past events to
understand how we how did we let that
one pass through so we will change the
pub/sub api's to be fully a sink so that
like it can be used through this
activity I'd just be first ipfs
postmessage and so on
I do have a lot of peers two plights
modules we like leave maintainer which
is super exciting because now like
everyone gets to be able Dana and
everyone else contributes and this is
very messy for the project super excited
about this change on how we do things
and on that you might recognize that
there is a new face in this call which
is our intro who accepted the invitation
to become the captain oh yes IPS and
dissipate this API and therefore
interface a fetus core and so you will
be hacking more time with us on our JSI
PFF stinks which is very great thank you
so much Alan it's great to see you here
and yeah I know like this is a first
week I don't know if you are familiar as
well because like processes that we have
been using of course like let me know
what your questions watch i watch this
every week so I know what's going on oh
it's excellent
all right cool we also worked on getting
just be first CI to go green but we
demanded me to actually date a lot of
modules everywhere like do bubbling up
dependencies however which takes always
time because of Ciara and I did a lot of
review and merge peers which I hope that
I will have to do less but I also hope
that I did review out and merge appears
from everyone that's requested me if you
have a PR that is open that you haven't
got a review now you can ping me or ping
the limited air for that module cool so
next up and probably Alan I would love
to work on this one with you is Jessica
just released like we have a checklist
of things to to do before releasing and
actually in perhaps we should consider
if we should drop some because when we
set up it was to finish some features
like simple the pin API but that's been
taking a while so it's better to just
cut out release and then say that maybe
I provided well this is just already me
taking through through it let's do that
together in work to get the first
release with you on board as though we
went in there cool alright so that's
only my focus this week has we also like
I'm going to be awfully because in some
way as hooker I'll be on the IPL the
meeting Thursday and Friday so just add
that in my Google okay I already did my
announcement in the middle of my like
update any any questions for me Mike
yeah we did yeah I miss I was just
wondering or any videos gonna come out
of the IPL demeaning ur or notes or
anything
notes absolutely we do take a lot of
notes and we do use a lot of freakin
notes to make drawings and take more
notes and so we typically have a Google
Doc where we just like write everything
I'll take pictures and put it there and
then there's always like some work like
some curation work of people just like
grabbing all those ideas in Brawl I'm
really converting them into action items
for the projects to follow that
typically takes like a week or two but
because we have another meetings after
that one this I mean like I treat for
weeks to get all of those loads I just
note suggested for videos if we do a
talk for sure with you because you'll
record them we don't have any friend
right now unless I'm the second book do
you know if there is going to be about
no right yeah so it should be really
research intensive and notes we'll come
on sir okay cool maybe maybe I'll pinion
IRC just find out where the notes are
gonna go but because it would be great
to just read them just for background
yeah and I continue the planning doc
already and awesome points to them to
the notes that exist okay we should
probably do that on our see IRC Channel
yeah that's it cool all right any other
questions go ahead or is this already
you questions action or sister what have
you done last week because I got
confused buddy edit note edit button it
is still there questions on my things
okay you can edit your question to the
lines like 123 227 on the pitman so cool
let's go to the sections of the
questions section which the first one is
from Volker is anyone good with NPM
pre-release X go ahead
Davida I think we have an outdated heck
pad I think oh really yeah just because
I clear more people on the list and your
items also on on on the list so
interesting let me like I can paste with
the link to the Korean Won or like like
you figure it out I go on with the
episode and so the next one is scar with
the update
Danny correct and okay I'm so sorry
like apparently my blade is not here I
probably pass it to an on lot Saint
version guard want to go ahead sure I
finally figured out one of the hairiest
race conditions I've ever do bugged in
my life last week on the idea the bit
swap on what and I think I've got those
PR it was ready now with appropriate
tests moved in the everyone's left I'm
focusing for the next day or two on
another project and then coming back to
this and just continuing on that
implementation status sticking in the
end the bit swap area so that's my
update
sweet the other project is related with
the pier platform stuff
yeah the it's the identity service now
that we've set up on a signup flow I'm
limiting that there's just a matter of
doing you there's not a lot there got it
cool yeah thanks for sharing any
questions for girl
and I guess let me say he blocked you
you mean like there is a review that
needs to happen like it is not like
necessarily at the work as well yeah I I
interpret blocked as I'm done and it's
now waiting on just anyone else to do
something got it make sense alright oh I
at least my list to check also Alan can
help me checking these as well cool so
Pedro
hey not much last week so I took
material rule for some packages here at
DPA from the book some discussions
around connection manager and you have
some small reviews and it's spindly it
we're gonna enjoy the penis got it cool
thank you any questions for Pedro cool
but it's just like an ask if you all are
mind like to steal more of like five
more minutes from you because I totally
thought that we were done with updates
and so I talk too much
because I thought for like eight minutes
left and apparently fill up the case if
I may still like Toto five minutes I
really appreciate Alan share with us
your update yeah sure so hey I was
working on IP of the building like an IP
of the Explorer because in the web
browsers working group we are looking to
kind of revamp the web UI and so that
includes a kind of IPL via Explorer and
so as part of that I just built this
kind of terminal IPO the Explorer app
sort of explore the idea of what an
explorer might look like but you know
kind of based on comments that were
there a long time ago from like David in
one so I kind of got to this stage where
I wanted to use it against JSI PFS
because it was working against go ipfs
and I wanted to see all of my stuff in
JSI PFS but then I realized it didn't
work because J psyche FS API used
something that go has that JSOC EFS
doesn't have which is tag resolve so I
kind of looked into that and then I look
I saw that there was an issue about
using IP LD in the dag API which would
be read because at the moment I think
it's hard-coded to like deal with like
see war nodes and prncipe flag nodes
only so using like the other you'll be
rad because that means that you could
resolve all of the stuff that's already
in IPL he already unplugging other stuff
so I started working on that and yeah I
was a little bit blocked in I didn't
really know if I should be or the
current version should be using dag
resolve or not you know like if Jess
ipfs should have that that every day s
came to the rescue and and said that the
JSI be that I shouldn't really have that
which it doesn't and nor should go so
what I'm doing is okay and I'm fine I
just need to finish it off basically but
what it'll mean we will be jeaious ipfs
will now have a dag get API that uses IP
LD and camera resolve through like all
sorts of diagnosed not just protobuf
magnoliids and seawall don't know and
that's my update that's a lot thank you
and and i guess like a big learning
point here is a topic for discussion
during that kobe meeting meeting booker
is that we needs to get a concrete api
for what IPL d can do or what the day p
I can do and right now both go and Jess
implement different versions although
there is a lot of comments there's a lot
of thinking about what needs to happen
in what are the constraints and so if
you check I wants PR on disagree best
API I do point to those issues to those
comments from the past and let's make
sure we have a session where we can just
like nail that down
yes sorry I forgot to add that there is
like some inconsistency with the way
that I go I get this resolves nodes and
Jase IVFs oh sorry not just like this i
PR j SI p LD resolves like resolves data
and paths and i had a really good
conversation with Volker about that and
we like we figured out a way forwards
and so that was super useful just to say
thanks thank you very much cool okay
cool so there is more than I don't know
yet Saxon already notes if there are any
and myself any any questions for Alan
all right I don't see your hands
let's go to the questions section let's
try to make a chart so as we don't steal
too much time poker yeah so I have a
question if anyone has an experience
with publishing in the pre-release tags
to MPN because so it's related to the
flow typing work with you and so Victor
told me I should publish a jurist from a
package but I don't want the crater fork
of it so he said I could use the
pre-release tags for it
it should work but I'm a bit concerned
so if anyone has experience with it
please ping me and then I will talk a
bit more about it but if any a different
no one has it has an experience then I
will just try it out in so it
looks like no one has so okay I won't
figured out thank you
I talking about like just - dev - dev or
- IRC release versions in in NPM
No so you can't put any any tech you
want so the tag would be flow probably
so it will be a ager 0.9 or like 13 - um
flow point one remains ISM me I won't
forget it out okay okay
yeah I I'm not sure exactly what you
need we we haven't choose any of those
special features yet on NPM but if you
open an issue when I post here and we
can follow up on there instead of like
just being by yourself cool
so I have added one question but it got
deleted
also when I refreshed my my thing
let's just cut through the other two
questions and then our last one actually
can I be the lead maintainer so like the
following questions are about
maintaining modules my answer there is
check the the lean maintainer like the
JavaScript code guidelines and you know
let's check in I think about what that
means and what are the responsibilities
and just like see if it's a good thing
for for both for the people willing to
maintain the module time wise and for
what is expected to promote limit owner
and so this should answer answer matchi
and Dimitri
is cool
yes okay cool
yeah so my question is which I'll I'll
type a letter is looking on all the work
that I've been doing and the key results
that was set up on the beginning of the
quarter
how do people feel in terms like
trajectory what are we like close to the
trajectory that we have defined
are we really far are we completely
orthogonal although people feel right
now
like if someone asks like are we going
to to like be able to go back and arrive
at the point P that we define would you
say with confidence yes or would you say
oh no because I'm now so busy with other
things
raise your hand if you want to check
comments is that okay I see some people
say this like a computer terminal or
it's like a it's like maybe yeah
actually it's good like just like this
you know if you feel like you're like
tasted this if you feel like you had
clothes like this like remember like you
just have so much mileage so you I go
into this direction you're probably not
going to go there because you're like
you're going to run out of gas which is
time in somewhere Sisto like this sooner
we recurse I think are so just the
closer we get we might not get there at
all anymore so city you guys I'd like to
do this you know like that's definitely
helpful for me okay oh my god Vasco is
completely I going it away both K is
like very close alright Jacob I don't
know if you were doing a hand sign okay
Oh Jacob is just like right on right on
track how do you feel car I just saw you
turn on your video
this is meted I think you're speaking
with it you're muted
sorry yeah I may be okay I said oh yeah
so if I may I ask you I explained 30
minutes this week just like to check
your cares and like really think about
like the the panoply of issues that you
are taking on like their
responsibilities and do a prioritization
exercise by yourself like see from the
things that you have planned to the
things that like you are now working on
while are exactly more important like we
we did we are not here to fulfill the
desires of a spreadsheet cuts like the
idea it's like to really care about the
project and I do what's really important
for the project but when we do the the
key results and we put them on a
spreadsheet is basically I could commit
like a check in with ourselves saying
okay this is what we feel it's more
important and so if there are other
things during your time definitely check
if those were also on the spreadsheet
where those of by p p0 p1 p2 p3 sundry
fours and then the exercises like if
they are p3 and p4 it's probably they
should be dropped in favor of the p 0
and P ones in and I'll leave it like
this
thinking it's here let me know if you
rewrite at a very controversial or very
interesting conclusion from that 30
minute exercise I would be very
interesting interested on knowing what
you what your observe or thoughts that
you have on that this makes us everyone
I'm not sure if I explained correctly
sometimes words are hard okay cool I see
so I see some thumbs up thank you
awesome
cool all right so this is the end I
apologize for taking too much time
I'll make sure that my career path is on
say next time yeah
does everyone feel that they know what
to do this week they are super okay well
cool cool cool yeah exactly
cool thank you so much everyone enjoyed
the week and see you again next week
same time so